---
layout: default
title: Privacy
description: Our policy regarding information collection and use
navigation: false
toc: true
---

## Privacy Policy
We are committed to maintaining the trust of visitors to this website. We promise to handle and store your data fairly and legally at all times.

You have the right to view, amend, or delete the personal information that we hold. If you have any questions about what data we collect or how we use it, please let us know by emailing: hello@cssninja.io.

### Why we collect personal info

We do not collect personally identifiable information from you.

### Information collected by others

When you load this website, our hosting provider may collect the following information in the form of server logs:

- Your IP address
- Date and time of the request for the page load
- Size of the data package being transmitted within the connection
- Type and version of your web browser
- Request information like HTTP method, host name, URI, referrer, etc

This website does not use cookies.

### Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Stylô's websites choose to interact with Stylô in ways that require Stylô to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Stylô gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. Stylô collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with Stylô. Stylô does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Service-related activities.

Additionally, some interactions, such as posting a comment, may ask for optional personal information. For instance, when posting a comment, may provide a website that will be displayed along with a user's name when the comment is displayed. Supplying such personal information is completely optional and is only displayed for the benefit and the convenience of the user.

### Aggregated Statistics
Stylô may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to the Service. For instance, Stylô may monitor the most popular parts of the [URL](#aggregated-statistics). Stylô may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Stylô does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.

### Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Stylô discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Stylô's behalf or to provide services available at Stylô's websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using the Service, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Stylô will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Stylô discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only when required to do so by law, or when Stylô believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Stylô, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of the Service and have supplied your email address, Stylô may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what's going on with Stylô and our products. We primarily use our website and blog to communicate this type of information, so we expect to keep this type of email to a minimum. If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Stylô takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.

### Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser provides to the Service each time the visitor returns. Stylô uses cookies to help Stylô identify and track visitors, their usage of Stylô Service, and their Service access preferences. Stylô visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Stylô's websites, with the drawback that certain features of Stylô's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.

### Data Storage
Stylô uses third party vendors and hosting partners to provide the necessary hardware, software, networking, storage, and related technology required to run the Service. You understand that although you retain full rights to your data, it may be stored on third party storage and transmitted through third party networks.

### Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Stylô may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Stylô's sole discretion. Stylô encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.